README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README with portfolio information
Added personal portfolio details and project overview to README.

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio - Rafal Sprengel

This is the source code for my professional portfolio website, accessible at [rafalsprengel.com](https://www.rafalsprengel.com). It serves as a central hub for my projects, technical skills, and professional engineering background.

## 🚀 Overview

The goal of this project was to create a high-performance, visually engaging, and minimalist platform to showcase my work as a Full-stack Web Developer. It focuses on clean UI, fast loading times, and a seamless user experience across all devices.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js (App Router)
- **Styling:** Mantine UI, CSS Modules
- **Animations:** Framer Motion
- **Language:** JavaScript (ES6+)
- **Deployment:** VPS / Vercel (or your specific hosting)

## ✨ Key Features

- **Modern UI/UX:** Built with a focus on scannability and professional aesthetics.
- **Project Showcases:** Dedicated subpages for complex projects (Restaurant POS, Booking Systems) with detailed technical breakdowns.
- **Responsive Design:** Fully optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop views.
- **Performance Optimized:** High Lighthouse scores through Next.js image optimization and efficient asset management.
- **Dynamic Animations:** Subtle entrance animations and interactive elements to enhance engagement without distracting from the content.

## 📁 Structure

The project follows a standard Next.js directory structure:
- `/app`: Contains the main pages and layout configurations.
- `/components`: Reusable UI elements (Project cards, Navigation, Footer).
- `/public`: Static assets, including images and documents.

## 👨‍💻 Engineering Context

This portfolio is not just a gallery but a demonstration of my engineering approach:
- **Component Reusability:** Modular architecture for easy maintenance.
- **Clean Code:** Adhering to best practices in React/Next.js development.
- **Deployment Knowledge:** Configured for production environments with attention to SEO and security.
